DataStax Enterprise is offered under a commercial license,
which may be viewed on the DataStax Web site at:
  http://www.datastax.com/enterprise-terms

This product includes software

- developed by The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/),
  including Apache Cassandra (http://cassandra.apache.org/)
- derived from  https://github.com/OpenHFT/Java-Thread-Affinity
- derived from https://github.com/hector-client/hector

For a detailed list of all packages included in DataStax Enterprise and their
associated licenses, please refer to the file licenses/license-report.xml.
------------
Enterprise Terms

Last Updated Date: May 17, 2018

These Enterprise Terms are part of a legal agreement (the “Agreement”) 
between the person or entity agreeing to these terms (“Customer”) and 
DataStax, Inc. (“DataStax”), a Delaware corporation, and includes these 
Enterprise Terms, any terms expressly incorporated herein by reference, 
and any terms in a fully executed ordering document that incorporates 
these DataStax Enterprise Terms (an “Order Schedule”). This Agreement 
is effective as of the date the Order Schedule is fully executed (the 
“Effective Date”).

Customer may obtain Software, Support and/or other Services 
(collectively “Products”) from DataStax subject to the terms of this 
Agreement. “Software” means software, data and other and materials made 
available to Customer by DataStax as specified in the applicable Order 
Schedule, including error corrections, modifications and updates to 
such items, and including the Documentation. “Software” does not 
include, and DataStax does not warrant or support, software obtained 
from any source other than DataStax. “Documentation” means the 
materials available at www.docs.datastax.com, as amended from time to 
time. “Support” means the services described in the DataStax Support 
Policy available at www.datastax.com/support-policy, as amended from 
time to time. “Services” means training, consulting or other services 
(other than Support) specified in an Order Schedule.

1. Subscriptions

1.1. Subscription. DataStax provides Support for and licensing of its 
Software as a combined subscription (a “Subscription”) for the time 
period specified in Customer’s Order Schedule (the “Subscription 
Period”).

1.2. Subscription License. If Customer has purchased a Subscription, 
then subject to the Agreement, DataStax grants Customer a worldwide, 
nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, terminable license to 
use the Software during the Subscription Period (a “Subscription 
License”) subject to any license parameters specified in the applicable 
Order Schedule.

1.3. Support. If Customer has purchased a Subscription, DataStax will 
provide Customer with Support of the Software during the Subscription 
Period. If Customer requires a purchase order to complete its purchase, 
then Support will not be provided until Customer delivers a conforming 
purchase order.

1.4. Limited No-Fee License. DataStax grants Customer a royalty-free, 
worldwide, nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, 
time-limited, and, terminable license to use the Software, solely for 
non-production purposes (a “No-Fee License”), without the right to 
Support.

1.5. Increased Volume of Use.

For increased use of the Software other than Authorized Bursting Use 
(as defined below), Customer may increase its use during the 
Subscription Period beyond the scope specified in the Order Schedule, 
provided that Customer promptly notifies DataStax of the additional use 
and pays the applicable Fees. The Order Schedule will specify the scope 
of the Subscription purchased by Customer, including as follows: (1) 
production or non-production use; (2) number of Nodes and Cores; and/or 
(3) other license parameters set forth in the applicable Order 
Schedule. “Node” means a Java Virtual Machine (a platform-independent 
execution environment that converts Java bytecode into machine language 
and executes it) that runs an instance of the Software. A “Core” means 
an independent, physical processing unit on a CPU responsible for 
executing programs.

1.6 Bursting Use. Customer may, upon submission of notice to 
customercare@datastax.com, temporarily increase its use of the Software 
by 20% above the volume of use in its then-current Subscription for not 
more than two months for each 12 month period from the date of the 
notice (“Authorized Bursting Use”). If Customer increases its use 
beyond Authorized Bursting Use, it must notify DataStax and pay the 
applicable Fees.

1.7 Purchases Through a Reseller. If Customer purchases a Subscription 
from a reseller that has been authorized by DataStax then Customer will 
comply with the applicable product specific licensing terms at 
www.datastax.com/terms/product-specific-license-terms .

1.8. Inspection. During the term of this Agreement and for one year 
thereafter, but no more than once in a 12 month period and on no less 
than 30 days’ notice, Customer shall permit DataStax or its designated 
agent to inspect Customer’s facilities and records to verify Customer’s 
compliance with the Agreement. DataStax at its option may require that 
an executive officer of Customer certify in writing to Customer’s 
compliance with this Agreement and disclose the scope of use of the 
Software by Customer including the project in which the Software is 
being used and any projected date for any applicable non-production 
projects to go into production.

2. Consulting Services

DataStax provides all Services according to the Service Terms at 
www.datastax.com/service-terms, as updated or amended from time to time.

3. Payment

3.1. Fees. Customer will pay all fees and any applicable Taxes (the 
“Fees”) as specified in the Order Schedule. If the due date is not 
otherwise specified in the Order Schedule, all Fees are due 30 days 
from the invoice date. All Subscription Fees are non-refundable. Unless 
otherwise specified in the Order Schedule, all Fees are in U.S. dollars 
and all dates are based on the location of the choice of law.

3.2. Taxes. Customer is responsible for any duties, customs fees, or 
taxes (other than DataStax’s income tax) associated with the purchase 
of the Products provided by DataStax, (including any related penalties 
or interest) (“Taxes”), and shall pay the listed fees without deduction 
for Taxes. If Customer is required by applicable law to withhold any 
amount from any payments specified in the Order Schedule, then Customer 
will pay DataStax the listed fees as if no withholding were required, 
and shall remit the withholding to the appropriate governmental 
authorities on behalf of DataStax, with a copy of the tax receipt or 
certificate forwarded to DataStax.

3.3. Delinquencies. Any late payments will accrue late charges at the 
rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate 
permitted by law, whichever is lower.

4. Restrictions

All rights in the Software not expressly granted under this Agreement 
are reserved to DataStax or its licensors. Without limiting the 
foregoing (except to the extent such restriction is expressly 
prohibited by applicable law), Customer shall not, and shall not permit 
others under its control to: (1) copy, modify, create a derivative work 
of, reverse engineer, decompile, translate, disassemble, or otherwise 
attempt to extract the source code of the Software or any component 
thereof; (2) assign, sublicense, transfer, lease, rent or otherwise 
distribute or make available the Software to any third party; (3) use 
the Software for High Risk Activities or otherwise contrary to the 
Documentation; (4) use the Software for any unlawful purpose; (5) use 
the Software to create, deliver training on, improve (directly or 
indirectly) or offer a substantially similar product or service; or (5) 
use the included ODBC driver to connect to other distributions of the 
components of the Software. “High Risk Activities” means uses such as 
the operation of nuclear facilities, air traffic control, or life 
support systems, where the use or failure of the Software could lead to 
death, personal injury, or environmental damage. The Software includes 
the third party software and material specified at 
www.datastax.com/thirdpartysoftware (“Third Party Software”).

5. Proprietary Rights

5.1. Software. The Software is licensed, not sold. As between the 
parties, all intellectual property rights in the Software shall remain 
with DataStax or its licensors.

5.2. Federal Agency Users. The Software was developed solely at private 
expense and is commercial computer software and related documentation 
within the meaning of the applicable Federal Acquisition Regulation and 
agency supplements thereto.

5.3. Feedback. If Customer provides any suggestions or feedback 
regarding the Products, then DataStax may use that information without 
obligation to Customer, and Customer hereby irrevocably assigns to 
DataStax all right, title, and interest in that feedback or those 
suggestions.

6. Term & Termination

6.1. Agreement Term. This Agreement will begin on the Effective Date 
and continue until the later of the following: (1) the expiration or 
completion of all Subscription Periods or Service commitments under any 
open Order Schedules; or (2) the date on which the Agreement is 
terminated as specified herein.

6.2. License Term. Subject to Customer’s payment of Fees, the 
Subscription License will continue for the Subscription Period, unless 
terminated earlier as set forth in this Agreement. A No-Fee License 
shall continue until terminated, in DataStax’s sole discretion, on 
notice to Customer.

6.3. Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement 
if the other party breaches any material term of this Agreement and 
fails to cure that breach within 30 days after receipt of written 
notice.

6.4. Effect of Termination. If the Agreement expires or is terminated, 
then: (1) the rights granted by one party to the other will immediately 
cease; (2) all Fees owed by Customer are immediately due upon receipt 
of the final invoice; (3) Customer will delete the Software; and (4) 
upon request, each party will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
return or destroy all Confidential Information of the other party.

7. Confidentiality

7.1. Confidentiality Obligation. During the term of this Agreement, 
both parties agree that: (1) Confidential Information will be used only 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (2) each 
will use the same degree of care it uses to protect its own 
confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care; 
and (3) the Confidential Information may be disclosed only to 
employees, agents and contractors with a need to know, and to its 
auditors and legal counsel, in each case, who are under a written 
obligation to keep such information confidential using standards of 
confidentiality not less restrictive than those required by this 
Agreement. DataStax may use Customer’s data for internal business 
purposes only, including providing Support, and improving, testing and 
providing the Products. “Confidential Information” means any 
information designated as confidential orally or in writing by either 
party, or any information that the receiving party knows, or has reason 
to know, is confidential or proprietary based upon its treatment by the 
disclosing party.

7.2. Exclusions. This Agreement imposes no obligation with respect to 
information that: (1) is a part of or enters into the public domain; 
(2) was already in the recipient’s possession prior to the date of 
disclosure other than by breach of this Agreement; (3) is rightfully 
received from a third party without any duty of confidentiality; or (4) 
is independently developed without reference to the Confidential 
Information of the disclosing party.

7.3. Publicity. Customer may state publicly that it is a user of the 
Products. Any identification or use of a party’s brand, logo or 
trademark shall conform with the trademark use guidelines provided by 
one party to the other. Customer agrees to participate with DataStax in 
publicity events which include the items listed below:
    - Use of Customer’s logo on the DataStax website
    - Conversations with analysts (subject to separate NDA)
    - Providing a quote in a DataStax press release
    - Full press release announcing Customer’s engagement with DataStax
    - Written success story/case study related to DataStax
    - Video success story/case study related to DataStax
    - Speaking at DataStax events and/or webinar
    - Speak to press regarding DataStax

8. Warranties

8.1. Services Warranty. DataStax warrants that it will perform any 
Services with reasonable care and skill and consistent with standards 
generally observed for services of a substantially similar nature. If 
the Services fail to conform to the foregoing warranty, as Customer’s 
sole and exclusive remedy for such failure, DataStax will promptly 
attempt to re-perform the applicable Service within 30 days or such 
longer period as agreed to by the parties in writing, or at DataStax’s 
option refund any Fees Customer has previously paid for the applicable 
Service(s).

8.2. Software Warranty. DataStax warrants that, during the Subscription 
Period, the Software will perform in material conformance with its 
published Documentation. If the Software fails to conform to the 
foregoing warranty, as Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for such 
failure, DataStax will remedy such issues as provided in the DataStax 
Support Policy, or at DataStax’s option and upon Customer’s return of 
the Software to DataStax, refund the unused portion of any Fees paid 
for the Subscription. Under a No-Fee License, the Software is provided 
free of charge, and on that basis, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, DataStax provides the Software “as-is” and without any warranties.

8.3. Authority. Each party warrants that it has full power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement.

8.4. Harmful Code. DataStax will use commercially reasonable efforts 
and commercially available technology to scan the Software made 
available to Customer for, and to remove from the then-current-version 
of the Software, any computer “viruses,” “worms” and other malicious 
code.

8.5. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER DATASTAX 
NOR ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES REGARDING THE PRODUCTS, 
AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY 
WARRANTIES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR 
USAGE OF TRADE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, 
OBTAINED FROM DATASTAX OR ELSEWHERE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, TERM OR 
CONDITION UNLESS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. THE PRODUCTS ARE 
NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.

9. Indemnity

9.1. Indemnity by DataStax. DataStax shall defend or settle at its sole 
expense any claim brought against Customer, its directors, officers, or 
employees by a third party alleging that the Software as delivered by 
DataStax infringes or misappropriates any patent, copyright, or trade 
secret of a third party, and DataStax shall pay all damages finally 
awarded or costs of settlement of the claim provided that Customer: (1) 
provides DataStax prompt written notice of any claim; (2) gives 
DataStax sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim but 
may not settle any claim unless such settlement fully releases Customer 
from any liability; and (3) provides all reasonable assistance in 
connection with the claim.

9.2. Injunctions. If Customer’s rights to use the Software are, or in 
DataStax’s opinion could be, enjoined due to an indemnified claim, then 
DataStax may, at its sole option and expense: (1) procure for Customer 
the right to continue using the Software according to the terms of this 
Agreement, (2) modify the Software such that it operates with 
materially equivalent functionality without infringing or 
misappropriation, or (3) if neither of the foregoing options is 
commercially reasonable, terminate the Subscription and refund the 
unused portion of any Fees paid for the Subscription.

9.3. Exclusions. The indemnity provided by DataStax under this 
Agreement does not extend to claims arising from or relating to: (1) 
use of the Software under a No-Fee License; (2) modifications to the 
Software not provided by or approved in writing by DataStax; (3) use of 
the Software in combination with any data, software, or hardware not 
provided by DataStax to the extent the alleged infringement would not 
have occurred without the combination; (4) Third Party Software; or (5) 
allegedly infringing activities that continue after DataStax has 
informed Customer in writing of and made available to Customer at no 
additional charge a substantially similar version of the Software that 
would have avoided the alleged infringement.

9.4. Remedy. This section states Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy 
with respect to claims of infringement of third party proprietary 
rights of any kind and is subject to the terms of the section titled 
“Limitation of Liability.”

10. Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall 
DataStax or its suppliers be liable for damages other than direct 
damages, including the cost of procurement of substitute goods or 
technology, loss of profits, or for any special, consequential, 
incidental, punitive or indirect damages on any theory of liability, 
whether in statute, contract, tort, strict liability, indemnity or 
otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. To the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the total 
liability of DataStax to Customer under this Agreement exceed the 
greater of the total amounts paid by Customer to DataStax during the 12 
months prior to the date the claim arises, or ten thousand US dollars. 
The liability limitations in this paragraph (and otherwise in the 
Agreement) do not limit or exclude damages for bodily injury or death 
or other damages that under applicable law cannot lawfully be limited 
or excluded.

11. Insurance

During the term of this Agreement, DataStax will maintain at least the 
following levels of insurance coverage: (1) general commercial 
liability of $1 million per occurrence, $2 million aggregate for bodily 
injury and property damage; (2) automotive, hired and non-owned 
liability of $1 million for bodily injury and property damage; (3) 
errors and omissions of $2 million per claim and aggregate limit; and 
(4) workers’ compensation meeting statutory limits.

12. Miscellaneous

12.1. Affiliates. DataStax and Customer agree that Affiliates of 
Customer may acquire Products from DataStax or its Affiliates by 
entering an Order Schedule with DataStax (or a DataStax Affiliate) that 
incorporates the terms and conditions of this Agreement and sets forth 
the then-applicable pricing. The parties acknowledge that adjustments 
to the terms of this Agreement may be made in a particular Order 
Schedule (for example, to address disparate tax and/or legal regimes in 
other geographic regions). “Affiliate” means an entity that owns or 
controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common control or 
ownership with a party, where “control” is the possession, direct or 
indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of an entity, whether through ownership of 
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

12.2. Assignment. The Agreement may not be assigned by either party by 
operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the 
other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement 
in its entirety (including all Order Schedules), without consent of the 
other party, to its Affiliate or in connection with a merger, 
acquisition, corporate reorganization, or the sale of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the business to which the Agreement 
relates. Any such assignment shall be effective upon payment of all 
amounts then due.

12.3. Conflicting Terms. If there is a conflict among the documents 
that make up this Agreement, the documents will control in the 
following order: the Order Schedule, these Enterprise Terms, and the 
terms located at any URL referenced in these Enterprise Terms.

12.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets out all terms agreed 
between the parties and supersedes all other agreements between the 
parties relating to its subject matter. In entering into this 
Agreement, neither party has relied on, and neither party will have any 
right or remedy based on, any statement, representation or warranty 
(whether made negligently or innocently), except those expressly set 
out in this Agreement. The terms located at a URL referenced in this 
Agreement are hereby incorporated by this reference. After the 
Effective Date, DataStax may provide Customer with an updated URL in 
place of any URL in this Agreement. Customer agrees that its purchase 
of a Subscription is neither contingent upon the delivery of any future 
functionality or features nor dependent upon any oral or written public 
comments made by DataStax, including any roadmaps or target release 
dates, with respect to future functionality or features.

12.5. Export Controls. Customer agrees to comply with all export and 
re-export restrictions and regulations of the Department of Commerce 
and any other United States or foreign agencies and authorities in 
connection with Customer’s use of the Products. In particular, but 
without limitation, the Software may not, in violation of any laws, be 
exported or re-exported: (1) into any U.S. embargoed country; or (2) to 
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated 
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. 
Customer represents and warrants that Customer and its Affiliates are 
not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any 
such country or on any such list.

12.6. Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure or delay 
in its performance under this Agreement to the extent caused by 
circumstances beyond its reasonable control. DataStax reserves the 
right to suspend Subscriptions or Services to comply with laws.

12.7. Governing Law. This Agreement is to be construed in accordance 
with and governed by the internal laws of the State of California 
without regard to its conflict of laws principles, and each party 
hereby consents to the jurisdiction of the federal or state courts of 
Santa Clara County, California, USA. Each party hereby waives any right 
to jury trial in any litigation in any way arising out of or related to 
this Agreement.

12.8. Independent Contractors. This Agreement will not be construed as 
creating an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of 
association, for tax purposes or otherwise, between the parties; the 
parties will at all times be and remain independent contractors.

12.9. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement does not confer any 
benefits on any third party unless it expressly states that it does.

12.10. Notices. All notices must be in writing and addressed to the 
other party’s legal department and primary point of contact. Notice 
will be treated as given on receipt, as verified by written or 
automated receipt or by electronic log (as applicable).

12.11. Severability and Waiver. In the event that any provision of this 
Agreement (or any portion hereof) is determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the 
provision (or portion) will be enforced to the extent possible 
consistent with the stated intention of the parties, or, if incapable 
of enforcement, will be deemed to be severed and deleted from this 
Agreement, while the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full 
force. The waiver by either party of any default or breach of this 
Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any other or subsequent 
default or breach.

13. Survival. The following sections will survive any expiration or 
termination of this Agreement: Payment, Restrictions, Proprietary 
Rights, Effect of Termination (Section 6.4), Confidentiality, 
Limitation of Liability, and Miscellaneous.

14. Updates. Except as expressly provided herein, no modification of 
this Agreement will be effective unless contained in writing and signed 
by an authorized representative of each party. DataStax may make 
changes to terms located at a URL referenced in this Agreement, 
including these Enterprise Terms (collectively, the “URL Terms”) from 
time to time. DataStax will post the amended terms and will update the 
“Last Updated Date” at the top. By continuing to access or use the 
Software after DataStax has provided Customer with such notice of a 
change, Customer is indicating that it agrees to be bound by the 
modified terms. If the change has a material adverse impact on Customer 
and Customer does not agree to the change, Customer must notify 
DataStax within 30 days of the applicable Last Updated Date. If 
Customer notifies DataStax as required, then Customer will remain 
governed by the terms in effect immediately prior to the change until 
the end of the then-current Subscription Period (or, in the case of 
Services, the completion of the applicable Services). If the 
Subscription Period is renewed, it will do so under the updated URL 
Terms.